hey guys so I'm going to show you how
you can do the smokey poof now my way of
doing it isn't as like voluminous as
hell on Snooki wears her
but I'm going to show you how I do my
little smokey poof so first you just
want to brush your hair so there's no
knots or anything you know so you just
brush your hair and my part is like a
natural part right there um but I'm
going to try and put all my hair like
this like push the back and now let's
see I'm going to take about that much
hair on each side be a little bit more
let's see and maybe about two inches in
like that and just hold the hair and
then brush it back now look like a
conehead oh okay now once you have this
hair I'm going to use this Herbal
Essence set me up hairspray pop the cap
open and just spray it on the root and
spray it all around your crown and I'm
going to kind of just tease a little bit
you can do it any way you want put on
I'm just using the same brush and kind
of like do that with your hands make it
a little bit fuller than it usually is
and now all I'm going to do is just do a
twist and then I just push it up and I
get a clip like this any clip would do
um Snooki she usually uses like a big ol
clip but like this is kind of how Snooki
has it like it's really big like this
but um when I do it I just make it a
little bit less poofy kind of like these
so yeah that's how I just do the little
normal Snooki poof it's not
that complicated I usually wear my hair
like this for school or you'll see me
doing this in my videos it's really
simple to just get your bangs out of
your face and yeah you can actually put
a little flour in there if you want
anything that bedazzle your hair so yep
that's all it is to it so I hope that
you enjoy this tutorial and how to get
the Snooki pouf
and I'll talk to you everybody later hey